Uh, yours?
Yeah, thanks.
You're Lily, right?
Yeah, and you're Sean.
Yeah, I've seen you around.
You play a good basketball.
Thanks, so do you.
So you want to hang out sometime?
Sure.
My name is Lily, and I sort of have this problem.
There's a boy named Sean that recently moved to our school.
I know I'm not supposed to like anyone who's not a witness.
The trouble was he is a witness.
Sean and his family moved into our congregation.
And the more I saw of him, the more I liked him.
I strength this exhaustive because of my side.
If only I knew where to find them.
Like I said, I had a problem.
Every day I see couples my age at school.
To me, they look happy.
Honestly, I wanted that happiness too.
My parents noticed my problem too, and talked about it that night.
I'm pretty soon.
I didn't feel alone anymore.
The next day, my mom invited me to go with her to run an errand.
Afterward, we went to a little cafe.
She asked me how things were going.
At first, I didn't want to tell her,
but she made me feel really comfortable.
So I told her my feelings for Sean.
Expecting her to think bad of me, but she didn't.
Everything you're feeling is naturally.
I remember having the same feelings when I was your age too.
Really?
It's true.
That's just how Jehovah created us, honey.
And because he created us, he knows the best way for us to be happy.
And that's all he wants for us.
And that's all daddy, and I want for you too.
She didn't scold me.
She didn't make me feel embarrassed.
And most importantly, she didn't seem to be in a rush.
My mom wasn't the only one helping me.
My dad was preparing to help me with my problem too.
That evening, we had family worship.
And once again, they just let me talk.
They told me I didn't have to hold back.
So I didn't.
I just don't know what to do.
Lily, thank you for telling us how you feel.
Let me ask you something.
Why do you think Jehovah created us with these natural feelings
toward the opposite sex?
So that one day a man or woman can marry.
That's right.
In fact, a good marriage is like two skaters on the ice.
A beautiful performance can seem effortless,
but is it really?
No.
No one would even attempt that without practice,
a capable partner, or the right kind of guidance, right?
Yeah.
Well, it's the same with a good marriage, sweetie.
It doesn't just happen.
It, too, depends on a good partner, coordinated effort,
but most importantly, wise counsel from Jehovah.
In fact, could you please turn with me
to Psalm chapter 32 and verse 8 and read that for us?
Sure.
It says, I will give you insight and instruct you
in the way you should go.
I will give you advice with my eye upon you.
Lily, Jehovah loves us very much.
And if we listen to him, we'll make good decisions
in our life with absolutely no regrets.
We talk some more, and then I got some homework.
My dad gave me some articles he printed out for me to read.
So I did.
And as I read the words and started meditating on them,
I realized something.
By holding off dating a little longer,
I wasn't missing out.
Rather, I was preparing myself.
I could use the time now to focus on something much more important.
My relationship with Jehovah.
I could also gain Christian qualities
and experience that will help me later
if I ever do get married.
The big day finally arrived.
After all those months of preparation,
it was just as I imagined.
Or wait.
That's not me.
That's me.
As I watched my sister get married that day.
I couldn't help but think about my own future.
When I began dating Shane, everything was perfect.
We spent a lot of time talking on the phone.
Everything just naturally seemed to click.
I was convinced.
He was the one.
But over time,
I started to notice some things.
I was starting to see patterns.
And they didn't seem to be getting better.
I wasn't even sure our goals were the same anymore.
I felt alone.
But thankfully, I wasn't.
My mom kindly asked how things were going.
So I told her.
Maybe he's not the one I told her.
I thought she was going to tell me
which way I should go.
But she didn't.
Instead, she reassured me that if he wasn't the one,
I was going to be okay.
They reminded me about what Jesus said
when building a tower.
For example,
who of you wanting to build a tower
does not first sit down and calculate the expense
to see if he has enough to complete it.
I realized that I was about to enter
into a building project of my own,
my relationship with Shane.
And I too needed to calculate the expense
before I commit to it.
They encouraged me to talk to Shane
and tell him about the things that were concerning me.
So I did.
And my mom was right.
I was okay.
More than okay, really.
Shane and I decided it was best to break off the relationship.
And some years later,
I found someone that loved your hover as much as I do.
And I love him with my whole heart.